# Simulation of a Complex Materials Behavior in Aluminum Industry
<p align="justify">This part includes my contributions to a large-scale project on: "Mathematical development and software development for a complex materials behavior in industrial applications". I was working on this project as a graduate student and post-doctoral researcher at Laval University in collaboration with the National Research Council of Canada (NRC) since 2016 to 2021. In this project, first, a novel approach has been introduced through developing advanced mathematical formulations. This contribution has been used to simulate real applications of the Aluminum industry in case of car head cylendre. For the first time, these mathematics are developed and the achievements are published in form of three journal papers. Finally, an object-oriented C++ model is designed and implemented. In order to increase the computational performance, first I have built a new dataset for industrial alloys and then applied machine learning algorithms which help us to increase the accuracy and portability of the developed model.</p>

# Files in this Repository:
1) Machine_Learning_Python: This file includes the implementation of different algorithms on the dataset.
2) Machine_Learning.cpp: This file includes the implementation of the KNN algorithm in the C++ main project.
3) Numerical_Calculation.cpp: This file includes some of the implemented functions in the C++ main project. It should be noted that due to confidentiality purposes, only some of the functions are shared in this repository.
